readme.md, before:

## KaiBanchoo!web

A framework I am creating for fun and educational purposes, thus the reason I picked the license. (IMO play osu! on the real servers as it was intended.)

- [x] Login
- [ ] Registration (Fairly easy to do, just md5 the password and login.)
- [x] User ban
- [x] Score listing
- [ ] Score Submitting
- [ ] Multiplayer
- [ ] Chat
- [ ] Avatar
- [ ] Online user list



## How-to

Not telling you how to setup Laravel/Homestead

Uses Stable(Fallback)

Hosts
```
192.168.10.10 osu.ppy.sh
192.168.10.10 a.ppy.sh
192.168.10.10 c.ppy.sh
192.168.10.10 c1.ppy.sh
```

## License

This KaiBanchoo is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License.

Full license can be found in LICENSE.md

#Short Form

- Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
- NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
- ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.

## Credit/Other things

- Osu! is a game developed by Dean "peppy" Herbert, and like all good things, he owns the title, and code.

- KaiBanchoo is based off of the work of Dillon "Itsyuka" Modine-Thuen and Castar's packet findings.

- If you like osu!, play on the real server and maybe drop some cash on there too, believe in the peppy, and the peppy will believe in you, unless you're Cookiezi.

## To peppy

If you want this to be taken down, just throw me a tweet or email inquiry@itsyuka.pw and I'll take it down.

Commit message:

"Major" rework
- Using HoLLy-HaCKeR's method of packets
- Dashboard semi-complete
- Avatar Upload
- Registration/Login (Site side)
- Encrypt Password Hashes
- Packets can be received (Partial chat)
- Some other things

- TODO (Use the database peppy has on osu!web)

readme.md, after:

## KaiBanchoo!web

A framework I am creating for fun and educational purposes, thus the reason I picked the license. (IMO play osu! on the real servers as it was intended.)

- [x] Login
- [X] Registration
- [ ] Dashboard
- [x] User ban
- [x] Score listing
- [ ] Score Submitting
- [ ] Multiplayer
- [ ] Chat (Partially done)
- [X] Avatar
- [ ] Online user list
- [X] Packet Receiving


## How-to

Not telling you how to setup Laravel/Homestead

Uses Stable(Fallback)

Hosts
```
192.168.10.10 osu.ppy.sh
192.168.10.10 a.ppy.sh
192.168.10.10 c.ppy.sh
192.168.10.10 c1.ppy.sh
```

## License

This KaiBanchoo is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License.

Full license can be found in LICENSE.md

#Short Form

- Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
- NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
- ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.

## Credit/Other things

- Osu! is a game developed by Dean "peppy" Herbert, and like all good things, he owns the title, and code.

- KaiBanchoo is based off of the work of Dillon "Itsyuka" Modine-Thuen and HoLLy-HaCKeR's packet method/code.

- If you like osu!, play on the real server and maybe drop some cash on there too, believe in the peppy, and the peppy will believe in you, unless you're Cookiezi.

## To peppy

If you want this to be taken down, just throw me a tweet or email inquiry@itsyuka.pw and I'll take it down.
